Mom, shut up and go back and settle the bill for you.
Mr. Joe
Young people make mistakes
Can you please forgive me for my face?
Open the net
Not to mention the fact that he hit me with his car
Just insult Nian Nian in public today
Modify and be punished
Otherwise, you will be bullied by my Qiao parents
How dare you hit people with your car?
Why don't you apologize to Mr. Qiao?
stop
It's my granddaughter who should apologize
Nian Nian wants me to apologize to this bitch
That's impossible.
Dare to be my face?
miss
Don't blame me for breaking up with your Nangong family today
Somebody take him away
Let go of me let go of me
I see who dares to be the enemy of the Nangong family
Mr. Joe
Although your family is the richest man in the country
But the Nangong family is not vegetarian either
If you really settle accounts
Your dear granddaughter's destruction of my son's family
I almost hurt Yingying
Process How do you want to calculate this account?
The old lady is not the wife of the second master at all
The child he is carrying is not the second master's, shut up
It's all thanks to you today
Since I can't get the order of the Qiao family
I can't let Nangong get it too
Deal with this stupid job of An An Yingying
It's much easier than dealing with Song Nian Yi
Mrs. Hua
This woman is the CEO of Nangong Group
Now he is recognized by the Qiao family
Wouldn't the property of Nangong Group become the Qiao family's?
No wonder he is fearless
Song Nianyi
Now you are also the richest daughter in the country
We at Nangong Group can't tolerate you, a big Buddha
You'd better hand over the power
I have a big Qiao family
Not as rich as Golden State
Remember today
The return banquet made you unhappy
Grandpa will hold a succession meeting in a few days.
Has become the next family
No one can take him away today